config: adds `frontend.max-query-capacity` to tune per-tenant query capacity (#11284)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configure/_index.md

# CLI flag: -frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant
[max_queriers_per_tenant: <int> | default = 0]

> # How much of the available query capacity (queriers) can be used by a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How much of the available query capacity ("querier" components in distributed mode, "read" components in SSD mode) can be used by a single
```

# tenant. Allowed values are 0.0 to 1.0. For example, setting this to 0.5 would
# allow a tenant to use half of the available queriers for processing the query
# workload. If set to 0, query capacity is determined by
# frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant. When both frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant
# and frontend.max-query-capacity are configured, smaller value of the resulting
# querier replica count is considered: min(frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant,
# ceil(querier_replicas * frontend.max-query-capacity)). *All* queriers will
# handle requests for the tenant if neither limits are applied. This option only
# works with queriers connecting to the query-frontend / query-scheduler, not

> # when using downstream URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# when using downstream URL.
# Use this feature in a multi-tenant setup where you need to limit query capacity for certain tenants.
```
